♪ Hey ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
Welcome to the Astorian
Fish Gut Grab.
Every year, I bring good
luck to our fishing season
by searching for a worm in a
tub of disgusting fish guts.
Oh, that's why it smells
like an ocean's butt!
The king always pukes
before he finds the worm.
It's hilarious!
I'm sure you'll all
eager to watch me barf.
But it doesn't matter
what you want.
I'm the king.
So I'll be digging a gummy
worm out of pudding instead.
No puking?
Of course this happens
the year I show up.
Take these guts away and
fetch my pudding tub.
If he's not heaving,
this giant's leaving.
Me too.
The new combat cards are coming
out today at the Tasty Trunk.
Combat cards?
The last time you guys
played that game,
you got into a huge fight.
Yeah, I heard about that.
The back of the castle still
has a Warwick-shaped hole.
My bones healed, and
so did our friendship.
See, our mistake was playing
against each other,
so we agreed to never
do that again.
More than agree, we
made a Phoenix swear.
Phoenix swear!
Swear, swear, swear, swear.
Do you Phoenix swear
never to do that again?
Come on, Friend.
Let's go enjoy an afternoon
destroying other people.
Ooh, we can take the shortcut
through the Warwick-shaped hole.
Ah!
The pudding has arrived.
Behold the sweet
and delicious...
rice pudding?
That's like the fish
guts of pudding.
Princess?!
I need you to dig through
this yucky pudding.
I can't put my hands
in that pudding.
Of course not. You
need a pudding straw.
If I dig through
that slimy stuff,
I could lose my pixie ring.
Arc, that cannot happen!
Are you asking me to
hold your magic ring?
Because, uh, yeah!
Princess?
Oh, no. It's happening.
What is wrong with you people?
There's no time to explain.
But whatever you do,
don't use the ring.
Got it?
Got it. Just go.
Well, well, well.
What do we have...
Don't even think about it!
You don't know me!
She knows me.
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Oh, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na ♪
♪ Do, do, do ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
A battle gnome? Ha!
That's no match for Jenny
the Giant's hammer smash.
Oh, come on! Get it
together, Jenny!
All right, Mermaid. Say
hello to Willy the Wizard.
Why, Willy, why?
My lousy cards lose every time.
I hear ya.
I'm gonna shuffle the
snot out of you!
Welcome, nerds!
I know you're all
here for the release
of the newest line
of combat cards.
But we have a very
special surprise.
One of these packs contains
the exclusive, unbeatable,
two-handed Sir Gareth card.
Wow!
Yeah, I know.
Back in the day, I used one
hand for slaying dragons
and one hand for
fighting off the ladies.
An unbeatable combat card?
Prudie, if one of us gets
that, we could actually win.
Oh, man. I just know
we're gonna get it!
I got it!
Look, it's Sir Gareth
before life broke him!
And before Tammy the Tiny
yanked his hair out.
It took me 10 years to grow it.
And it took her 10 seconds
to rip it from my scalp.
Buttercup, can I
please hold the card?
No! You cannot hold anything.
You'll get your loser
juice all over it.
- What about me?
- You are even jucier.
Now scram!
- Did you see that?
- Yeah.
Prudie got a new vest.
It's adorable!
No, Prudence and Warwick can't
keep their eyes off this card.
You think so?
Don't you remember the last time
those two played each
other in combat cards?
No.
But I remember to not
look up when it's raining
so water doesn't get up my nose.
They got into a fight.
We can use this card to
get them fighting again
and split the Phoenix
Squad apart.
- No, no, no, it's a good thing.
- Oh, then yay!
I can't find the worm!
And this pudding's
so warm and chunky!
I see why this is so funny now.
Hey, everyone, look!
She's gonna barf!
What is wrong with you people?
If you press the ring,
Ciara will be mad.
But if you don't press the
ring, you'll never know
what awesome thing
you could turn into.
I say, tisn't it obvious,
you silly bloke?
Whoa, the ring's so powerful,
it gave my imagination
a fancy accent.
Oh, indeedly do.
Now, if the ring turns
the princess into Ciara,
- it'll turn...
- Me into a prince.
Oh, that's using
your bean, old boy.
Now, push that
rrring like a boss!
You really think I
should do it, Your...
Handsome Highness?
How could listening
to me go wrong?
I'm imaginary!
Okay, I'm gonna do it.
What the heck? I'm a monster!
Very funny, ring. Now it's
time to prince it up.
The ring's not working?
Oh!
No, that is most horrifying!
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh... hey ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Ah... hey ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh... hey ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh, we will be here ♪
♪ We are the Knight Squad ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
Arc?
Arc, I need my ring.
Where are you?
I'm here.
Ah, good. Where's my ring?
Monster!
What? No! No, no, it's me!
Remember, Arc? The one
that knows your secret
and... has a tail?
You used the ring? How
could you be so selfish?
I asked you to do
one thing for me.
I know.
But then I did something
for me instead.
The ring has a security feature.
If anyone besides me uses it,
it stops working and
turns them into a...
I want to say monkey pig.
Why didn't you tell
me this would happen?
Remember when I told you I
didn't have time to explain?
That's part I didn't
have time to explain!
Oh, so this is your fault.
Without the ring, I
can't become Ciara.
I'll never be able to go
to knight school again.
Ah, hello? Slightly
worse problem.
My ring came from the
Pixie Crystal River.
Maybe someone there can help.
I know how to get there.
I passed through on
my way from Seagate.
Oh, no, I'm oinking.
Let's get to the river, and
maybe someone can fix my ring.
Uh, and fix me?
Yeah, sure... if we have time.
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
Whoa, the Sir
Gareth combat card!
Buttercup, you let her hold it?
We're using it to get
you two to fight.
Fight your way out of
the slump you're in!
That's probably what
I meant to say.
So Buttercup asked me to decide
which one of you to
give this card to.
I'll take it!
Ooh, this is so hard.
No, it's not! Give it to me.
Or better yet, give it to me.
Wait a second.
We made a Phoenix swear
not to fight each other.
Yeah, you're right.
Ooh, a Phoenix swear? That
sounds super unbreakable.
So I guess I'll have to
find a different home
for this little guy,
since none of you will
ever, ever, ever want it.
Let's get out of here.
Our Phoenix swear
is more important
than some amazing,
life-changing card.
I mean, who needs that card when
I can have nothing instead?
It's beautiful.
My tail?
Yeah, I'm starting
to think so, too.
Okay, we have to convince
the Pixie Queen to help us
or we're stuck
like this forever.
Okay.
Greetings, human travelers.
What was that? Hold on.
Oh my stars and moonbeams!
Welcome to the Pixie
Crystal River,
Astorian Princess and her...
pet.
- I am not her pet.
- Sorry.
He thinks he's people. Who's
my little monkey pig?
Oh, you are! You are!
Pixie Queen, we've come
to beg for your help.
There's no begging here.
We only accept smiles,
hugs, and laughter.
Ah, thank you.
This selfish fleabag
broke my ring.
Hey, I do not have fleas!
Dang it, I have fleas.
Once I repair your
ring's crystal,
you'll be as pretty
as a princess.
And you?
Well, miracles happen.
Your Highness, Arc and
I are so grateful.
Did you just call him Arc?
I heard Horatio.
Horatio, the handsome
and loyal pet.
Talking about how
handsome you are?
Definitely Arc.
- Wait, you know him?
- Oh, I know him all right.
Arc, you mess with the pixies,
you get the sparkles!
You know, a regular
person would've said,
I know the Pixie Queen...
she hates me!
I know the Pixie Queen.
- She hates me.
- Too late!
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
Ow, ow! These sparkles sting!
What exactly did you do to anger
the sweetest creature
in the universe?
My gosh, you're so nice.
I'll tell you what he did.
When Arc came here,
we fed him our entire
crop of tiny raspberries.
It was one thimble!
How did I know it took
three years to grow?
In return for his feast,
he promised to bring
back a champion
strong enough to lift a log
that fell on our village.
Long story short, no champion.
And the raspberry
festival was canceled.
Well, in my defense, I found
an ogre and was gonna ask him.
But he was headed
to knight school,
so I forgot about you and
decided to follow my dreams.
Is this helping?
Yes, it is helping.
Helping me to remember
how much I hate you!
But are you going to help me?
That's a big, sparkly no.
So I'll never be Ciara again?
I'm gonna be a monster
for the rest of my life?
Only until hunting season.
♪ Na, na, na, na
Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Hey ♪
And my evil scheme
commences in three, two...
one.
Oh, hello, Sage.
Warwick, what a
wonderful surprise.
- What can I do for you?
- Oh, nothing.
I just want to talk about life,
the weather, and, you know...
The all-powerful Sir
Gareth combat card?
Yes, I need it in my life.
This is for you.
Cobra venom?
My favorite perfume!
You know, this makes me think
you deserve that
Sir Gareth card.
Thank you so much, Sage.
Just do me a favor and
don't tell Prudence.
Don't tell her what?
That you betrayed her?
Yeah, don't tell her that.
Hey, is that for Sage?
Heh! No.
It literally says "For Sage."
Ah... oh, does it?
I... yeah.
Sage, this must be for you.
Ooh, a pocket mace. You get me.
You know, maybe you
deserve that card.
You broke our Phoenix swear.
So? You did the same thing.
Yeah, but I didn't think
you'd find out about it.
I am shocked to see such loyal
squad mates fighting like this.
That sneak doesn't
deserve the card.
- Give it to me.
- No, give it to me.
Well, there's only one
way to settle this...
A nice, friendly game
of combat cards.
Or a not-so-friendly game!
You're going down, Giant.
I can't wait to slap
the magic out of you.
I don't know why you're crying.
If I can't turn back into Ciara,
then my knight school
dreams are over.
So are mine!
There isn't a hole in
the armor for my tail.
I've had enough of
your snort crying.
I'm going home. It's
the pink house.
The one that's
still under a log!
Wait.
Your Majesty, if I remove the
log, will you fix the ring?
Um, I've spent all summer
sharing a toilet with
a chipmunk, so no.
I know my fate is sealed.
Please, help my friend.
Very well.
Save our village and I'll
restore the princess's ring.
Arc, are you sure about this?
Yeah, it's the least I could do.
Besides, with my
monster strength,
this is gonna be super easy.
Uh oh!
It's infested with
fire-breathing dragonflies!
Why does this forest hate me?
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Ah, oh ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
You did a great job making
this problem better, Arc.
Maybe you can drown us next.
Don't worry. I know what to do.
- What do I do?
- You're a monster.
Make monster noises
and scare them away.
I don't make monster noises.
The dragonflies left.
Nice work, Porkchop!
Uh oh! They left to
go get their mom!
Don't worry, moms love me.
It must be a dad. Dads hate me!
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
Welcome to the
combat card clash!
Two mighty competitors
will face off...
and end their
friendship forever.
Did you just whisper
something evil?
Doesn't sound like me.
Sure it does.
You know what else
sounds like you?
Ugh, I hate cilantro.
Who wants this card?
And clash!
Ooh-hoo-hoo, I
love combat cards.
Ugh. Did you put
cilantro in this?
Okay, I was gonna
take it easy on you,
but now the magic
gloves are coming off.
Scrunchie, scrunchie,
punchy, punch!
I got that hammer
for my sweet 16.
That's it!
Warwick-shaped hole!
A warwick-shaped hole? Does
this seem familiar to you?
This is how you were holding me
the last time you threw
me through a wall.
We've lost our minds again.
No card's worth our friendship.
This combat's over, Sage.
Oh, we're friends.
We won't hurt each other.
That's what you dum
dums sound like.
Well, at least I can sell
that card for, like,
a billion gold coins.
No, you can't. I gave
that card to Sir Gareth!
What?
He traded me for a
Buttercup card.
He said it was one of a kind!
Ah, look at those hands...
and my luxurious dreadlocks.
I bet this was when I
still had my spleen.
Arc, if that thing
doesn't fry you, I will!
Ugh, the dragon bug's gonna
roast me like a marshmallow
and I still have
pudding in my pits!
The pudding, that's it!
You are not eating pit pudding.
Dragonflies love sweets.
Use the gummy worm to draw it
away and I'll lift the log.
How do you know I still
have the gummy worm?
My snout is super sensitive.
That's a lovely
shampoo, by the way.
Hey, Dragonfly!
Come get some yummy
nummy gummy worm!
Go, Arc! Now's your chance!
Hey!
Go get the gummy, dummy!
You saved our village!
Princess, thank you.
Arc, you're not
completely horrible.
Aww.
I'm so happy, my
tail is wagging.
A deal is a deal.
Princess, I've
repaired your ring.
Thank you.
Your Majesty, what Arc just
did was incredibly unselfish.
That should count for something.
You're right, it should.
But it doesn't. Buh bye!
Yes, pixies, I know Arc
saved our village.
No, he broke his promise.
Well, that language
is inappropriate!
Fine!
It's the feeling of the pixie
community that you deserve
to be returned back to normal.
Please note this decision
was not unanimous.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything
else we can do?
Yes. Go away!
I'm Ciara again! And
you're not a monkey pig!
Hello, beautiful nose.
Hello, beautiful tail-free butt!
I am so glad everything's
back to normal.
Me too.
Oh, no, I'm still oinking.
We are not going back there.
That is a part of you now!
♪ Ah ♪
Translate: Shuter
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org